what intrigued me most about
my interview with dan Savage
news
here's a person who is
homosexual
advising heterosexual people on
the relationships
and you might say well why would
he know
then you realize he has deep
insights into people
conduct in and so the urge to
think he
would not understand your
situation is overcome
immediately
by hearing anything that comes
out then you understand why
he has this huge following among
up
gay lesbian and transgender
straight
all the categories a world
followed him
because he has insights that
others drop who with otherwise
pretend to be in a relationship
that they think they know
something about
is dangerous